okay I think you know we talked about
three topics that we want to spend time
on three people when you joined less
than 12 months ago how many people are
in go to market today and let's talk
about a bit of how those people landed
at the company yeah we're about 75 in
the goto market organization today only
three to 75 right okay so 3 to 75 like
how did you grow the team so quickly
yeah and I mean like for any I say for
any founder listening to this like you
hire a sales leader that doesn't have
four to six people they can basically
text and get into the seat in like four
to six weeks probably even sooner let's
say four weeks then like maybe not ready
to be a sales leader and if you want to
be a sales leader and you don't know who
those four people are say think about it
so I mean a lot a huge amount I mean so
much so much respect and admiration for
my leadership team because well they are
doing a lot of their direct recruiting
like me them we have contracts with a
bunch of side recruiters and like this
has been the case in everywhere I've
ever been I think no one can sell the
opportunity as well as you can if you're
living it SAS bans welcome to another
episode of cro confidential I'm your
host Sam blonde today we have an
exceptional guest from one of the
hottest and most successful startups of
the last several years so we have Graham
Mareno he's VP of world wide sales at
codium I'll talk a little bit about
Graham I'll talk a little bit about
codium and then I'll talk a little bit
about the show uh couple things about
Graham's experience over three years at
over five years at grafana we're
only one year into codium but I suspect
the trend will continue of several years
stance again another really positive
signal in one's career codium most
recently valued at over a billion
dollars when Graham joined around this
time last year the company was 30
employees fast for to today we're at 150
we're going to talk about what led to
that level of growth that level of
success over the trailing 12 months
Graham welcome to the Pod and delighted
to have you yeah thank you really
excited to be here perfect I think we're
gonna go some deep in three topics at
least today few things that I'm excited
to talk about recruiting
30 to 150 people at the company I don't
know exactly what those numbers are in
the sales org but let's talk about
recruiting demand gen is something that
you mentioned codium is is sort of world
class app and so we're going to talk a
little bit about that and I know you're
passionate as am I about supporting
roles that often times don't get the
level of attention that direct selling
roles do these are things like
enablement revops and more with that
give us just a bit of cont text on what
codium does and then we'll go from there
yeah absolutely so codium is a
generative AI coding assistant our first
product which is basically a plugin that
works across any IDE 70 plus languages
on average generates 45% of the code
written by the developers using it and
then most recently we released a product
called wind surf AI that is an agentic
IDE and the numbers on that are very
early on but
that is kind of The Next Step change in
development where folks all who are not
super technical by Nature are actually
able to go in and build applications
like it's floating around at LinkedIn I
built Pac-Man being pursued by
armadillos in about five minutes and
then what we're seeing customers that
are actually Technical and who are
really getting into the weeds with it is
hearing things like something that would
have taken me four weeks is not taking
six hours so just really really
promising in terms of being able to
hugely accelerate developer
productivity that's awesome it is a
category that is receiving a ton of
attention right now as is your specific
company and product within this category
and so certainly you know some right
place right time influence and a lot of
uh execution that has gone into building
codium in a very short time to uh a
uniforms um with that let's talk a
little bit about the last year and what
you attribute so much of uh the company
and and revenue team success too so I
think like helpful context if you can
start by describing the go to market
environment when you joined which I
think was around February last year like
what did the team consist of how many
customers existed just Ballpark and we
go from there yeah so I the go to market
organization was three people when I
came in and it we had between self sered
that was that's always been a really
good channel for us and our annual
contract Enterprise customers had
probably about 200 customers total and
low low single digit millions of Revenue
perfect and so I I think the environment
that existed is the sort of
stereotypical startup when you bring in
your vpa worldwide sales which is the
role that you occupy were three
individual contributor Sellers and once
those folks are successful and you're
ready to continue scaling that that
individual contributor team you bring in
somebody to add process a and recruiting
and managerial experience to sort of
like facilitate the next phase of growth
so many folks that are listening in
whether you're founder early salesperson
codium is like the exact environment
that exists when most folks bring in
their first vpf sales can you just
describe what are the things things that
were working really well when you joined
and then what were the things that you
gravitated towards that were working
less well yeah I like I have to give our
Founders their flowers it's not at all
just that they grabb three people inste
go figure it out like our Founders did a
couple million dollars with founder Le
sales before hiring anyone and I think
that was a really good thing so I think
to that point what was working well was
they had and like there you know there's
this concept of conscious competence
when you know why you're doing something
and can explain it step by step an
unconscious competence where you're
doing something but it's instinctual and
you might not be able to coach someone
else how to do it there was a huge
amount of unconscious competence I got
in and the team was like yeah so like
these are the the types of companies we
sell to here's why here's how it
disadvantages our competition and I was
like okay you're describing like ICP
swim Lanes trap setting and just like
very innately had kind of gravitated
towards this by just looking at patterns
and how the deals were going and being
able to say okay hey when we sell to
financial services companies there's a a
predictably positive outcome if we do
these things when we go sell to defense
and aerospace companies same thing just
different set of behaviors and then
these might be some Industries where
it's a little bit harder for us to sell
into right now and so I think that was
really uh pleasantly surprising and to
be fair I mean I've been I got the
opportunity to advise codium for about a
year before jumping on board fulltime so
I had some insight but actually getting
into it and realizing how much they had
fleshed Ed out that I was not expecting
to be there and how how it appeared to
be correct was really promising on the
flip side of that there was no process
and like this has been the impulse of
every really motivated driven founder
that I've ever worked with which is this
incredible belief in the product and if
we can just get someone to see it and
look at it and touch it they'll want
they'll get it and they'll want to be a
part of it and so I think at the time we
were demoing really really early like
pre prediscovery it was like get into a
conversation and immediately show the
product and I think that had worked and
especially for the tental audience like
when you have the founders on the line
probably effective because they're both
like amazingly compelling really smart
and in their own way really really good
at sales but I think for a rep to go in
and like not do any Discovery and just
show the product like opens this can of
worms that really doesn't allow you to
qualify effectively learn about what the
customer cares about understand their
current situation you're getting right
into kind of show up and throw up here's
the product and that was something that
we tightened up in short order like got
some process around Discovery got some
process around when to POV what had to
happen before how we went and executed
the process and like basically took a
look at the average amount of time that
everything took on a stage-by-stage
basis and said hey I think we can cut
two weeks here three weeks here like
really condense it and then we're going
to go execute this for a quarter and if
it's a train W we'll fix it and if
things are working you we'll go and
double down on them but just even having
the intent for structure I think was
really really helpful in the first
quarter and it's kind of blending into
the next topic I think but also like the
first handful of hires that you make
coming in are so so important right like
they're going to set the tone culturally
they're going to set this little bar and
I hired a couple of people who are some
of the best humans and operators I've
worked with in my career which I
actually think was tough for our
Founders because they were like why
can't everyone just be like this but I
think like between process and then
bringing people in who immediately like
yeah yep got it let see where you're
going with it let me run with it that
was a super super important first two
steps in setting the
tone several takeaways let's start with
if you're a Founder listening in I'm
going to describe the type of
environment that you want to create to
attract the best talent in a sales
leader like Graham if you are a sales
leader you'll get a picture of the
environment that that you want to do to
join when you are considering a new
company one is that there was
existing Revenue in place that began
with founder Le sales and progressed to
being able to have non-founder
individual contributor sales people that
were closing revenue and so you already
have some evidence of product Market fit
and revenue growth I think the other
thing that you sort of signaled existed
was additional demand coming in then you
could leverage to close more deals and
grow faster which is sort of a natural
segue to in addition to like this really
positive early stage environment that
you described you also identified
several areas of our opportunity so it's
like you know you're a sales leader
meeting with verun who's the CEO
companies at a million plus dollars of
ARR and it's like you know we're growing
super fast and you're sitting there also
going like ooh there also some things
that like I can tweak here and really
inflect the growth trajectory and you
potentially identified what those things
were as you were like interviewing as
you were just having initial
conversations with Veron and I think
socializing those things is really
valuable for for both parties let's
let's continue along this journey so you
join beginning of 2024 were you sort of
like outside of Revenue targets for the
year were you explicit about what
success in 2024 in your role looked like
and what were the things outside of like
we're going to go from X dollar of ARR
today to Y dollars on December 31st
first like what did you sort of identify
as Hero's success in 2024 yeah one of
the things that I think our Founders are
so unusual about in a really good way is
that they are like wildly smart really
opinionated on how to build amazing Tech
and are doing a great job building an
amazing company but they have a huge
amount of humility where like when I
came in and said hey I want to try this
stuff they would push and they would
challenge but they were ultimately like
hey this makes me nervous here's why but
go try it if it works we'll do your
thing if not we'll come back to the
drawing board and have a discussion
about it but I think that has always
very much been the environment and part
of why I was attracted to it and I think
coming in yeah there was a revenue
number but even more of it than that it
was let's figure out like what the
process is where our swim lands are like
are we going to go scale midmarket
really heavily is this a heavily
strategic sale where like 10 20,000
person companies and above once we
figure that out then we can go build a
scale plan saying hey like we know that
our sweet spot is this type of company
there's 10,000 of them in the world
based in these places and based on that
this is what the go to market
organization has to go look like so look
was there a revenue number yeah
absolutely but I think the other piece
of it was let's figure out what the
right process is where are what the
verticals are what type of rep we need
to go be successful here and what else
we need but one of the things that we're
doing going into next year based on all
the data that we've seen this year is
moving to a partner first model for
Revenue I know but having a partner
leader sub 10 million pretty unusual
going all partner first to drive Revenue
sub 50 to 100 probably even more so but
we believe that's the best thing for the
business and I think Brun and Asel and
Douglas are both super involved in a
really good way and also like very much
empowered me and the other leaders that
we brought in to go figure out what we
believe the answer was make suggestions
and then action them Based on
data super
all right one thing that comes to mind
and it is revisiting something that we
talked about before which is the
importance of founder-led sales entering
this environment where there's already a
lot of success but a specific area that
a sales leader like you can and should
add a lot of accelerant to growth when a
company is successful through founder Le
sales um it gives you data around
customers conversion rates retent some
some you know semblance of retention or
customer happiness depending on
different characteristics that exist and
so much of this data existed for you but
the company wasn't doing very much with
that data prior to you joining and so
what you were able to do was take the
DAT the data that did exist and you were
able to um apply it to go to market and
so it's just just um increasing the
efficiency of the people and go to
market organization as you sort of
progress from this category where the
company is casting a really wide net and
anyone that sort of like jumps in and is
is willing to become a customer and
generate some revenue does so you you
then start to constrain that based off
of learnings that you have from the
existing set of customers so that makes
a lot of sense and then you probably as
you're doing this you're probably
informing Veron and others within the
company and they're learning things
about their business that they didn't
already know like we work really well
here and less well here and this is like
why I have made that determination okay
I think you know we talked about three
topics that we want to spend time on
three people when you joined less than
12 months ago how many people are in go
to market today and let's talk about a
bit of how those people landed at the
company yeah we're about 75 in the goto
market organization
today yeah did only 3 to 75 right okay
so 3 to 75 that is very vast tell us
about the makeup and then tell us about
just your approach like like how did you
grow the team so quickly yeah I mean I
so the makeup of the team and these are
approximate numbers we've
got about 30 Enterprise
sellers in the range of 10 mid-market
sellers 10 SS then we've got a handful
of folks two in
enablement forign Partners couple of
folks in like deales and revops a
handful of sales leaders and SDR leaders
and etc etc we've
got I think eight we call them the
deployed Engineers Solutions Engineers
is probably like the normal the normal
parlament and then two really great de
leaders and that math might not exactly
math but it's about 75 people all in
yeah so like kind of full spectrum from
scr pre-sale postale oh that's one we
have a like a wonderful postale leader
who's in the process of building out
what our our customer Journey looks like
post sales and trying to figure out
where sales needs to continue to be
involved and where we can have like a
dedicated post sale function that she
and her team are going to own
so not only has the headcount grown
dramatically from 3 to 75 in less than
12 months it's also what I would
describe as a relatively complex
organization made up of different
personas sdrs AES of course you have
leadership you have partner sales you
have revops you have enablement and
client services and more so like you
know a bunch of different functions
making up the to market organization in
addition to the headcount growth and so
that's just like the recruiting capacity
required to get from point A to point B
has to be fairly complicated I I guess
just like tell us how that has has
worked for you yeah and I mean like for
any I say for any founder listening to
this like you hire a sales leader that
doesn't have four to six people they can
basically text and get into the seat in
like four to six weeks probably even
sooner let's say four weeks then like
maybe not ready to be a sales leader and
if you want to be a sales leader and you
don't know who those four people are I'd
say think about it so I mean a lot a
huge amount I mean so much so much
respect and admiration for my leadership
team because we they are doing a lot of
their direct recruiting like me them we
have contracts with a bunch of outside
recruiters and like this has been the
case in everywhere I've ever been I
think no one can sell the opportunity as
well as you can if you're living it and
so like we have gotten a handful of
folks from outside recruiters like 100
and unicorns in particular is one who
we've worked with who I think are like
really high quality when they send
candidates along but 90% plus of that 7
73 people that we've brought in since I
got here have been sourced by recruited
by us where are those folks coming from
lot of folks that we've worked with
before so like the initial cohort of
people that joined had really heavy
grafana and DNA and like but one
of the things that I just say as a
heuristic is like Sellers and go to
market people in general want to go work
at places and for people who they trust
who they believe care about them who are
going to make them better and who are
going to make them money if you do those
things then like people are going to
want to work with you want to follow you
want to continue being a part of of
whatever it is that you're building and
I think not just myself but a lot of the
people that we brought in early have
have built that reputation and so you
know I came in a handful of people who
knew me trusted me joined me whether
that was from or grafana we
brought in you know a great sales leader
on the west who kind of was like from
the larger ecosystem but not someone
that we had worked with directly and
like she's done a really great job
building out her team and I think it was
a combination of really really strong
pulling from the network and like
bringing people in who you know were
coming in saying hey I have two or three
people who I really trust who I would
love to work with again and then we made
a couple of great hires that were not
folks that we knew well but were folks
that we were able to back Channel deeply
and so like one of the things that I
think is super valuable about the sales
world is it is not it's a small
community and so like if you look at
codium a lot of our folks are from Air
table great level of talent just like
really and really amazing humans a lot
of really good folks that had great runs
at snowflake like we're talking four to
seven year runs who want to go do it
again a lot of folks that were at
in the Heyday similar thing they know
what fast looks like they know what
process looks like they're really good
at pipeline generation and then grafana
which you know again I think on the
sales side had a lot of like appd
DNA and there's people that like know
how to run the Playbook that were
running
here okay so here are some things that
come to mind and initial set of hires uh
all should be personal network of the
sales leader that you bring on and then
what starts to happen is that snowballs
and and and I can sort of relate where
thinking back to the organizations at at
brex and it at
inits we weren't necessarily explicit
about we want to get a bunch of people
from company X but what would happened
is like you know I would hire somebody
from company X and and they were like
you know the top performer or something
and then they would know like two or
three of the other top performers bring
in those people until you just naturally
start to have these pockets of like
three or four people from this company
and four people from this company and
several people from this company and I
think that is that's like a pattern that
I see seemingly universally with the
best sales organizations because it's
like you pick off one of the top reps
and people are very curious like well
wait where did Sheila go like Sheila was
crushing it here if she went somewhere
it must be like somewhat interesting and
then you said something you know you get
to you hire 72
people they weren't all people that you
personally knew that you texted cuz you
you come with hor of six you don't come
with 72 people that like you know
immediately follow you so there are
certain things that you have to do or
not immediate network but sort of like
you know second network type candidates
that make codium the most attractive
place that they can possibly join
something worth leaving snowflake or
somewhere else for you mentioned one you
want to pay people well any sort of like
stories about things that you um really
emphasize to potential candidates that
make joining codium the most attractive
option for them yeah I mean I think like
that you know
the the PG version of it is like who
cares about your OT show me your comp
plan it's like we have a very good comp
plan that I'm like very happy to pull up
and talk people through in an interview
and then the other thing like this takes
time right early stage it's hard like
you really really have to make sure that
your early people are successful because
we only have 10 sellers who've been here
for more than six months so like the
other 30 have
arrived from August 1st on basically but
of those 10 seven are already over their
annual number with like two weeks ago in
the corter so seven of the 10 are over
their annual number one
having only been here for 10 months this
year will like make into the seven
figures we have another couple who are
going to be over half a million dollars
in W2 earnings and like this is like I
started in February the first person who
joined after me started in March they
did a full annual number they closed
$1.6 million in four months and became a
leader so like they're not even in this
toor because they became an RD pretty
early on so I think we have a really
good evidence of people that have been
here for a long enough time to tell cuz
someone who's been here for 90 days if
they have a lot of success there's a
huge contributing factor that's luck
right because no one comes in and builds
a million dollar deal in 90 days and if
they don't it's fully possible that
they're building and they're going to
have a blowout next year and we just
like we're looking at the leading
indicators but you can't go and like
take that to people so I think that is a
really big piece is like hey seven out
of 10 are over their numbers we have you
know one in 10 at a million dollars plus
three and 10 or well three others so
four and 10 I guess total who will make
over half a million and then the rest of
the folks are in varying stages of
accelerators over their otes so like
that is a good story that's data driven
I think another piece is like making
money is awesome but being somewhere
that's going to make you better and give
you skills that you can carry through
your entire career is really compelling
and like that was one of the things I
mean when
and they're still growing fast but
like when we were growing really
ridiculously fast at like 400 people up
to 2,000 people people would say hey I
know it's like a a me grinder here in
terms of intensity and expectations but
I also have heard that the enablement is
so good it'll change the rest of your
career which is why I want to be here
like that is something that's very
important to me I want people ultimately
to come to
codium to work at an amazing Company
sell amazing tech make a lot of money
and work with great people but I also
want them to say and I've heard that the
enablement that you guys do is best in
class and is something that will make me
a better seller for long I'm in this
game okay lot lots done back here let's
start with what I would describe as like
the habby path is you have a founder-led
sales
startup couple sales reps that are
successful ready to bring in your VP of
sales and this is you know the Playbook
might be the wrong word but like a bit
of the the sort of like pattern that I
have followed and reinforcing that
pattern you know multiple times and now
reinforcing that pattern with what you
just
described the VP of sales that you bring
in brings a handful of exceptional
sellers with them from you know their
personal Network the reason that those
people join is largely the leader and
like a lot of trust that has been built
there you want to on board those folks
and create an environment where they can
be successful and often times success in
a sales role
is defined by how much money am I making
like we you know sales is a commission
driven role and that is something that
you want salespeople to prioritize and
one thing that is true here is look like
if the product isn't selling if there's
not product Market thit you have bigger
problems than you know the like success
of your go to market organization that
said you can
manufacture what I would describe as
like a culture of winning or an
environment where people are making good
money and what I mean by that is like
you said the quota you decide what the
commission structure is and if early on
you want to be deliberate about cre
creting an environment where people are
making good money and think about that
as like an investment in the future and
being able to uh continue to attract the
best talent you set Targets in a way
that it it's like some balance between
you know challenging but also high level
of confidence that that the team will
get there and that the individuals will
get there and so you can sort of like
manufacture this I'll describe it
culture of winning before it actually
exists and today I think definitionally
codium is
winning when you joined it wasn't that
clear and so you set Targets in a way
that you know the early days we were
hitting our Revenue targets well we set
the targets people were making a lot of
money well we created the comp plan and
that just sort of snowballs into you
know creating an environment where you
know you get this
reputation that while like codium is
growing quickly sales people making a
bunch of money and more and you want to
be sort of like deliberate about
creating that versus the environment
being created because sales reps are you
know um bringing in way more than we
thought that they would or or something
like that second thing that that comes
to mind is around enablement you know
look I don't know if you experien this
at all Grand but I have in my career
where it was always very easy for me
to be supported around
headcount in direct sales roles
specifically like SDR and AE where like
you could tie Revenue directly back to
the performance of that individual that
type of employee and
then received more push back although
you know like you I think there was a
lot of trust that existed for me but I
think Founders out there generally
received push back around these
supporting roles enablement Revenue
operations and you know it was always
this type of thing where it was like it
is true that this enablement person that
is $300,000 a year I don't know how much
uh you know of course depends on
leveling and so much more like you're
not going to be able to say that they
they are bringing in five times the
amount of salary that we are providing
to them that said they're probably
bringing in more like especially in the
environment where we are scaling so
aggressively it's like what if I can
maintain the sort of 90day ramp period
to a fully ramped quota rather than
progressing that to uh I don't know 120
or 150 days where this function doesn't
exist like this is how much more Revenue
we generate as a business same idea in
terms of like Revenue operations folks I
don't know if anything comes to mind
there or experience that you've had but
I think like you know one consistent
theme on this podcast is appreciation
for these types of roles that are
becoming more and more popular over time
and I think becoming more and more
appreciated but it it's harder to tie
Revenue directly back or impact directly
back to their existence yeah I mean I
totally agree I've seen revops be like a
huge time suck and source of frustration
and I've also seen it be a massive
unlock for the business and be able to
drive really really good results and
generally my experience has been when
it's frustrating it's is at around 5050
to 100 million in Revenue someone's like
oh maybe we should use data to make
decisions and then it's like a
multi-year process of unwinding a bunch
of stuff that happened so we made the
decision to prioritize it pretty early
and it's one of those things that's hard
right there's a ton of data everywhere
you're moving really fast and I don't
think that we have this perfect yet I
think with revops it's just been a a
more Labyrinthian problem than than we
had hoped but the ultimate goal right is
to be able to use data to make sure that
we're putting reps in books business
that give them an opportunity to be
successful that we are segmenting in the
right places that we're putting
resources where there's the maximum
amount of Revenue and I think if you're
not being data driven to make those
decisions it's really hard all makes
sense okay we've got just a couple
minutes left let's let's just sort of
fast forward to today so we're um 11
going on 12 months in we we've only
scaled the team from 3 to 75 people but
sort of same question that that I had at
the top of the show what what to day is
working well now and and what are the
areas that you think that there remains
opportunity yeah I mean going well I
think the team you know that people have
probably heard or if not now you are
like if you as a sales team if you don't
own your pipeline then like it's really
hard to be successful long term if
you're looking at the SDR team or
marketing or something outside of
yourself especially in Enterprise and
strategic sales I think it's really
really hard to say that you own your own
come and so I think our team has done a
really good job building a strong
positive culture of pipeline generation
you know all probably been around
organizations where people did it but it
seemed like a chore I think we've done a
good job of having people that are
bought in understand the importance and
also understand that you can choose how
you make something feel and so the team
we do PG Wednesday comes in gets dialed
in we do a kickoff and like makes it
really fun but it is a huge cultural
focus and something that we celebrate
and so I think us owning our number and
owning our own outcome is going to be a
really really critical driver of our
growth in this next year I think the
team has done a good job on that I'm
really proud of how we've hired a scale
like I think our our leaders are awesome
in the sense that like my West Coast
leaders are jumping on East Coast
interviews and vice versa and I think
there is just like a really awesome team
ethos and wanting to keep the bar really
high not just for talent but also for
culture and so I think like the amount
of time that folks are investing in that
even as you move really fast has been
really amazing and I mean I think a
third thing is that companies right now
are looking for partners in Ai and like
if we're not out here selling you know
cans of water like it's it's very much a
situation where someone a lot of these
companies are looking for not just is
this the right tool but how do we deploy
it how do we ensure success on it and I
think that our team has done a really
amazing job in terms of how we engage
with our customers and I'm really proud
of that areas for improvement I mean
I've of alluded to this like when you're
growing as fast as we are territory
science is really really important and I
think that like I would love to tell you
hey man we can go from 40 to 200 reps
and like I know exactly what territories
are going to look like and we have a
really beautiful way to carve them we're
not there yet like that's something that
we are actively working on on like a
multiple times a week basis with like a
working group internally and looking to
you know to bring some folks in from a
hiring perspective that'll own that long
term I mean you talked we talked a
little bit prior to this about like how
technical you have to be I think just
continuing it's the hardest part about
doing enablement isn't getting people in
and having a strong onboarding program
it's how do you continuously enable when
the entire Market is changing on a
weekly basis and when the products are
changing at that pace and so I think
like our enablement leaders done an
amazing job trying to grab that tiger by
the tail but I think just at scale like
that's going to continue to be something
that we have an opportunity to improve
on and the way that mean some of how
we've done is like daily trivia games
one of our Founders does a weekly
enablement call ongoing enablement so
like when you get out of boot camp it's
not just like you get sent off into the
woods so like on a periodic basis we're
doing re-enabled so people are making
sure that they're staying on top of it
but I think that's a problem like just
like a a hard problem to solve at scale
and then I think the final thing is and
you've lived this twice it's just like
how do you keep everyone in the right
head space when you're growing so fast
it's very easy to get freaked out and
like communication transparency and just
having people that are like culturally
very in it but I think that is just like
something I think about a lot because I
lived it at mango I lived at at grafana
and it's a hard problem to
solve all really helpful examples here's
I think the big takeaway for me rather
than going deep on each of these sort of
areas of opportunity that you've
identified it's
like you
know we talked about the environment
that existed when you joined 11 months
ago what was going well where the
opportunities were you had this like
awareness of these things we fast
forward 11 months and the examples that
you cited were new and different you
know here are things that are going well
like you know the last 12 months we have
crushed it on you know recruiting this
really complicated sales organization
that wasn't going well when you joined
there were three people right so like
you reflect on the prior year let's say
and you really progressed the business
forward in these areas that you
mentioned as as things that are going
well and the opportunities to improve
are new each of the I think three things
that you called out weren't things that
existed you know 11 or 12 months ago and
so folks listening in if you're if
you're sort of thinking about like what
are the the biggest opportunities that
we have as a business today and shoot
like all of the like or several of the
problems or opportunities depending on
how you want to frame them they're like
the same ones that we mentioned last
quarter or the quarter before like these
things have persisted that's really bad
and I think so one you want like you
always want to have if you said things
are going perfectly there's nothing
going wrong like that is a problem in
and of itself then you're the problem if
you believe it's going okay you're the
problem you you should always be aware
of what the opportunities are you should
always have a PL and to address what the
problems or or opportunities to improve
are and they should be shifting they
should be shifting over time and really
hold yourself accountable and be
intellectually honest around like shoot
if I were to list our top two or three
problems it's the same top two or three
problems that we had like a quarter or
two ago that's not okay and so that was
my big takeaway as as you were sort of
like reans answering the same question
through the the lens of today versus the
lens of 11 months ago it's like this is
what you want to see you want new
challenges that are evolving over time
and you know s sort of kudos to you with
creating the the the type of um change
that you want let's wrap there Graham
thank you for joining congratulations on
the success that you realized and I know
that you're thinking about um your first
11 months at at the company is just the
beginning and so I'm excited to see both
you and the business continue on this
incredible trajectory and you know if
codium isn't yet a household name which
I know it is for many that for folks
that are listening in it is sure to be
in the future so thank you for joining
and and great conversation yeah I really
appreciate it this was fun hopefully it
was helpful to folks out there listening
thank you so much for the time all right
take care see you all bye